hi here as well it is somehow
he insulza degenerating English jon
internet at this moment I want
show you click on one of my many
accounts where simply as an affiliate
I have generated a lot of payments to date
as you can see in what is in the
red box all the payments that
currently I have had in dollars and
obviously from time to date
spiritual change the methodology and
after being depositing not through
checks like you can see what is
in the rectangle I change directly the
panoramic to change directly to
through direct deposit forgive
so I can also show you let's say
that for this you simply need
some accounts which are so
Free how to create an employer
create an account in gmail I have
studies showed how I am bundled in
blogger here you can see your image and what
I'm showing you my email here
forgive my mail and I'll also
show one of the many pages one of
the many pages that I have cloned
if I go down here he had many
directly here where I have
selected in blue
my affiliate air which is the scan what
I was watching him play l pascal
and if I take you back to the account
from clickbank you can see up here
where am I indicating with the cursor that
I'm like the hivacat in this way
I want to let you know that many
Sometimes one buys course through the
internet and in fact they come very
professionals but very few of them
they really show the essence of how
click van they pay us or as through
Ivan we can really get to generate
big income just like
good affiliate if you're really interested
this course I will leave you one more email
down where for the purchase let's say of
this product that is very professional
professionally engraved you can
get to have access to 8 videos
totally professional and instructive
from the beginning to the end and you are step by step
how to open a clip account until
can generate you have your residual income
I really hope this video is from
a lot of help and I hope to see you in a
next opportunity from Avenue
center that is very well